bruno soriano who wanted to open by the
right for the climb of Jonathan two
saints puts back pulls mascherano the
deviated shot
the ovary has a boot of 6 entrerríos
perfectly inside the front of the
area got the left foot the ball was
got to the left of the goal of
claudio bravo marks the villarreal and the
brand esther and chef minute 30 of game
of the first part passes 0 villarreal 1
denis tcheryshev as the first one arrives
goal of the night in Barcelona marks it at
villarreal or chery brand be contest
extra sure to pepe queen you want
feel as safe as 9 to 0 210
client looks for the nearest office
man plus ultra 'insurance for this
goal what surprise is not product of the
neglect at the start of the barça not much
least is that the villarreal has its
guns had five guys in that area and they
has fallen a rejection h leader and for
I would ask him how he would look
pay to mark the villarreal first
giro win the barça 8 to 18 a coffee
bench to özil already as the celebrated
Marcelino applauding effusively as
always the Asturian
it is not a secret or not
l
in the sense of I can not swim rapine of
rapine that pulls looking for the stick of
made for gift however leaves it
dead sergio asenjo was with the cane
prepared the Brazilian Neymar Junior
tie the 45th minute match already and 20
seconds passes 1 neymar villarreal 1
the goal of the tie of the barcelona comes
neymar brand with plus ultra 'secure the
the biggest ones the safest with a
personalized service consult your
insurance company and the queen then
there you are losing
there they are and you can tolerate me
Will you consent to my tone
s
when Giovani could not some orchards
the animal failed in the center of the field
GIOVANNI to baseline
the cut sends for wind turns to
overtaking the villarreal marked the
argentino bieto minutes 6 of game
this second part barça 1 villarreal 2
luciano wind arrives the second we of the
villarreal or open brand with the
ultras sure that of pepe queen what do you
like to be as safe as he calls
902 15 10 15 and look for the office more
close the one of puss another one for for dad
with huge forgiveness shitload but
then you have to be huge as empty of
sea and 40 meters at full speed and
decide well when you get there in the background
and that the comb with these 50 meters
running well trust something in the
apple
and look that giovani driving was not
altogether
not quite right because no
Luis Suarez is stirring the
ball for
with the outside of the left boot
marks the tie at minute 8 of the game
of this second part rafa alcantara
rafinha villarreal 2 barça 2 racing
reaches the goal of the draw of Barcelona
second with plus ultra ' sure the best
service the best advice between
Another ultra point is and discover everything
that you're missing the 10 seconds
of the pass of iniesta good unmarking of
Luis Suarez and Rafinha that almost scored the
first marks the second but this
even more important because it does not give
time the nerves grow
They know that mine as they show
them but with a source so your
of the bank the entire marketing company
because yes because the barça minute 10 of
game 6 8 10 2 key goals in the troop
goals the game time the town encourages
surround messi messi messi 3
villarreal and to be goal of the barcelona what
Messi brand with plus ultra 'insurance in the
from pepe reina
Feel as safe as the enter plus
ultra 'points and as for the office
nearest
with the right nailed the squad as
if it was ten goals in four minutes
against this that can be done
ask for downtime is that nothing is that
He has come out in the first mode avalanche
part and now after 22 he has returned